oh why long welcome to dr. seward's
weekly old video today I'll be
discussing a widespread condition now
affecting millions in this fast-paced
high-stress world in which we live the
condition known as so much to do and so
little time to do it syndrome did you
suffer from so much to do in so little
time to do it syndrome why it's nothing
to be ashamed of why I to suffer from
this insidious condition I often find
myself will be compelling things to do I
don't even know where to start and
that's a big number well luckily for you
and me I know of a possible cure
anyway here's the answer you need to
prioritize that's right it's so simple
you're probably saying to yourself why
didn't I think of that the reason is you
already have too much to think about so
here's what to do I happen to know of a
product that can help alleviate this
condition
now what is the miracle cure you're
probably asking yourself why it's the
rubes 2011 Zuna box daily desk calendar
in color yes this little wonder cure is
guaranteed to help you stay organized
all year long not only that you'll get
the extra bonus of an extra benefit of
being able to laugh at a new cartoon
every day of the year in color let's
look at a few
hahaha oh and we all know that laughter
is the best medicine huh Paul so make it
your number one by orange an order newer
copy of the roof Zuna box 2011 daily
desk calendar today you'll be glad you
did because after all it's the doctor's
orders
you